Updated with product demo videos requested by Sri (#1034)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/13_Templates/templates-best-practices.md

When tracking template changes, Harness versioning should not be combined with GitHub versioning.
:::

> ### Product Demo - Templates at the Org and Account level with Git Experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Visual summary of templates at the org and account level with Git Experience
```
